." Man page for runqstat

.TH mysql-signals 1 "04 Feb 2018" "0.1" "mysql-signals man page"

.SH NAME
mysql-signals \- monitor MySQL Golden Signals

.SH SYNOPSIS
mysql-signals [-S server] [-P port] [-u user] [-p password] [-c credential file] [-m metric] [-v] [-h]

.SH DESCRIPTION
mysql-signals is a tool to calculate the query Rate, Latency, and Errors over a time interval.

mysql-signals connects to a MySQL instance and queries it for the data.  Since MySQL provides only counters,
the tool store the data between runs in a status file.  When it runs again, it will read the status and compare,
usually subtracting the latest data from stored status to give results on a per-second basis.

The options are as follows:

       -S      MySQL Server, DNS name or IP. deafult 127.0.0.1
       -P      MySQL Port, default 3306
       -u      MySQL user
       -p      MySQL password
       -c      Credential file name (with username on first line and password on second line)
       -s      Status file name, for storing last run time and counters, default 'status.file'
       -m      Metric to produce: (r)ate, (e)errors, (l)atency
       -v      Verbose, for debugging and more info. Default off.
       -h      Help and usage.

.SH EXAMPLES

runqstat -S 10.20.30.40 -u my.user -p the.password -s status.file -m r
         Display the rate metric from this database, using that user and password

runqstat -S 10.20.30.40 -s status.file -m l
         Prompt for user and password, and display the latency metric

runqstat -S 10.20.30.40 -c cred.file -s status.file -m e
         Use user and password from the cred.file, and display the error metric

.SH SEE ALSO

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
Steve Mushero (steve.mushero@opsstack.io)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2018 OpsStack License GPLv2 - <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>